for two cups of all-purpose flour I have
taken a teaspoon of onion seeds salt to
taste fo tablespoon of vegetable oil and
now we are going to use our fingers to
mix the whole mixture mix it really
nicely it's time to add water in it and
we are going to make a dough the dough
will be really hard dough it's not going
to be as soft as two Barbado it will be
harder than the chapati dough the dough
is ready and it's going to set for 10
minutes or until we prepare the filling
of it I have taken a handful of chopped
cilantro or coriander leaf 2 tablespoon
of raw peanuts
1 teaspoon of whole cumin of tuna 1
tablespoon of coriander seeds which are
roasted and crushed it one teaspoon of
ancho powder or dry mango powder one
tablespoon of crushed ginger and green
chilli here I have one tablespoon of red
chilli powder one
teaspoon of coriander powder half a
teaspoon of garam masala
garam masala is an Indian spice mixed
spices you can find it in any of the
grocery store two tablespoon of
vegetable oil 1/4 cup of frozen green
peas if you have fresh green peas you
can also use fresh green peas - and for
boiled potatoes which I have crushed oil
is all heated up it's time to add cumin
to the oil when the cumin starts
cracking now add peanuts in it and wait
the loop by the peanuts till it's almost
done on a medium heat now add crushed
green chilli and ginger and we're going
to fry this tell the ginger and green
chilli is almost done I fried it for a
minute and see
now it's time to add crushed boiled
potatoes
adding dry mango powder for some extra
heat I'm adding chili flakes it's
entirely optional
crushed roasted coriander seeds
now goes in the green peas and you're
going to cook it again for a minute till
all the peas are nicely cooked finally
we're going to add some chopped cilantro
to the mixture and I'll make sure it's
ready I have taken a big 11 size portion
out of window press it now we are going
to roll it out
and school chapati out of it
so I have no loved a smaller body out of
the ball now we're going to cut it and
divide it into half
we are going to work with one hand I
have applied water on the top edge which
will act as a glue
of a profit
and now present to stick with the sides
no can you see my cone is ready our corn
is ready and it's time to fill it so
I'll be using two teaspoon of potato
mixture to fill the cone now again I'm
going to apply water on the edges to see
Clicquot
now watch carefully what I'm going to do
next I'm gonna pinch both the sides
together by pinching it I'm sealing the
edges we are going to make the backbone
of awesome awesome so apply little water
and then make a fold over there and then
pinch it can you see the fold this is
the backbone of our samosa
in the same we have made all my samosas
and it's all ready to be fried Here I am
eating four cups of vegetable oil to fry
samosas it's time to fry samosas on
medium heat so we are going to fry it
for five minutes on each side or till
it's nice and light brown in color keep
turning the samosas for the even cooking
samosas are all done and it's time to
take it out on a kitchen towel to drain
out the excess oil I've served the
samosas with some tamarind chutney and
green chutney to get more of my latest
videos please subscribe hope you guys
have enjoyed the video tutorial see you
next time